 I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the orange!
    Did you hear that laughing too loudly is illegal in Hawaii? They only permit a-low-ha.
    I hate my job — all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
    Mom keeps asking why I have so much candy. She doesn't know I always keep a few Twix up my sleeve.
    I found a wooden shoe in my toilet — it was clogged.
    If a pig loses its voice, does it become disgruntled?
    I love dad jokes, but I don't have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa.
    I only know 25 letters of the alphabet — I just don't know y.
    My dream job is to clean mirrors, because I can really see myself doing that.
    I lost 25% of my roof last night...oof.
    I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
    RIP, boiling water. You will be mist.
    Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
    Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
    I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed!
    I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
    Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
    Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
    Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
    6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down.
    Whenever you get a bad sausage, it's just the wurst.
    My dog is a genius. I asked him, "What's two minus two?" He said nothing.
    I used to run a dating service for chickens, but I was struggling to make hens meet.
    Mom texted me to say our Italian restaurant is out of pasta, and now we’re penneless.
    Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater.
    I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
    Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
    A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
    We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story.
    I'm reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can't put it down!
    At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected.
    My toddler is refusing to nap. He’s guilty of resisting a rest.
    I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands.
    I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
    My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
    Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me.
    The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
    I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but geometry is where I draw the line.
    I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
    Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they're making headlines!
    My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
    I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice.
    I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
    I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
    Bigfoot is sometimes confused for Sasquatch — Yeti never complains.
    Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
    A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest.
    I wanted to eat a watch for lunch, but it was too time-consuming.
    I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
    It’s raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle.
    I decided to sell the vacuum cleaner — it was just gathering dust!
    My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!
    Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right.
    If money doesn’t grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
    Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean.
    I'd avoid the sushi if I were you — it's a little fishy!
    I can tell when you're lying just by looking at you. I can also tell when you're standing.
    I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque.
    Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list, and now I can't read what else is on it.
    Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea.
    My friend couldn't pay his water bill, so I sent him a "get well soon" card
    Does anybody know where a dad can find a person to talk to and hang out with? Asking for a friend.
    Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot.
    After dinner Mom asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
    I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
    I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs.